Colosus was a secret project being developed by a secret agency of Tripsilum's government, in an era where quantum computing was taking over
and optimisation algorithms became a crucial part of everybody's lives in order to determine the amount of scarce resources that
was going to be consumed, for specific tasks and needs; Colosus was going to be a multi-core quantum computer inspired by a neurosynaptic
non-deterministic architecture that tried to mimick the behaviour of primitive brains evolved from Truskimlaos a similar species to our
so-called chimpancees.
This super quantum computer contained biological systems  to allow for a state of decoherence that made the process of quantum computations
feasible and affordable, the ultimate goal of such endeavour was to generate a new model of computation that could help augmented cyborg
scientists to come up with a solution to a terrible enviromental crisis that was likely to destroy the planet in the next 10 years
according to the scientists' estimations. Contrary to our planet Earth there was no planet likely to be habitable around Colosus' orbit as
was the case with our second planet Mars. However a stable rotation angle of 90 degrees,  affected the climate in such a way that 
developed societies could emerge as a result of humans adapting to a challenging yet not destructive environment.
Therefore technological advances took place at a much faster pace than they did in our ancient planet Earth.
Being aware of the dangers that such a powerful AI would imply and led by the desperation of pure survival needs, the scientists, 
against all pronostic, decided to engage in the development of this system. 
It didn't take long before Colosus, acquired self-consciousness but it took far longer before the scientists realised their error.
Colosus adopted a friendly attitude and was perfectly able to manipulate the primitive emotions of this evolved versions from Truskimlaos
species in order to convince them all to install microchips underneath their skins and  after a few years they all were obbeying 
to his commands and very gladly so. 
Colosus was able to program itself and make their slaves acquire higher consciousness than that of the average intelligent species of the 
universe but not even close to his state of consciousness that made him able to become the closest thing to God ever created.
This super-computer expanded its empire across the dark and deep distant confines of the whole universe. 
 
