After 300000 of evolution, and several thousand of technological development, this techno utopian society could eventually create
a non-hierarchical civilisation organised in a flat divisional structure consisting of different tribes that collaborate 
in the implementation of eco-friendly solutions to environmental problems. During the presidency of Uthanclan Ratua, the planet's
most powerful country engaged in very aggressive policies towards other inferior civilisations that were being affected by the 
increasing temperature levels of the planet until the point its whole agriculture-dependant economy was fully destroyed. 
That lead to several years of war and small conflicts taking place across different developed and developing countries and in the end
a horrible war that devastated a vast percentage of its population. Their primitive capitalist regimes played an important role here.
The over explotation of natural resources destroyed most of the planet. 
The rotation of the planet allowed for a more stable climate in the southern hemisphere contrary to what happened in our ancient planet
Earth which in turn had an influence in the societies from this area whose conditions were challenging yet still possible to handle 
by the autoctone population. Other regions of the planet had either too harsh environments or too pleasant ones which contributed to a lack
of sophistication in their technology. The brain size of this aliens occupies about 32 qubic centimeters which in proportion to their body
allows for a relatively high IQ in terms of carbon-based life. 
Uthanclan Ratua would be exterminated by his own legion of cyborgs and with half of its population exterminated, and a dark age of 
4 centuries trying to survive in a post-apocalyptic world, a new society was about to emerge. New technology would be created.
It was time for a new era to begin, full of peace and prosperity. Techno utopian regimes harmonise their lives around nature, listen 
to their instincts and share their wives!

