It is long-known that intelligent civilisations, are not so different from each other, carbon-based life can only emerge under certain
circumstances, and therefore such circumstances are defined by more or less similar planets. Intelligent life must be similar in different
planets, optimum solutions being created by evolutionary processes will always be optimum and under similar circumstances also very similar
to each other. Contrary to what one might believe, human and alien behaviours are also similar in that regard. A probabilistic approach
must also be made in order to understand the different outcomes of individual behaviour in relation to history and therefore one can easily
understand that the development of historical phenomena is also similar among different planetary civilisations.
Technological developments emerge allowing people to live longer and therefore more brains contribute to more technology 
in a sort of exponential growth that ends up with the establishment of a modern civilisation.
In this process conflicts also take place and similar ideologies also appear. 
Fascism appears as a result of several decades of romanticism and patriotic nostalgia combined with an obsession with technology
(also a very patriotic concept) and the desperate need of human-like beings for drama which along with the unlimited ambition of some 
charismatic leaders and the resentfulness of a hungry and needy population immersed in a sea of ignorance for several  years. 
It is well known the case of Hitler in our ancient planet, the belief that a race is superior as a result of its technological development
and the likelihood that different cultures clash in their attempt to control the whole planet with its subsequent traumatic conflicts can
lead to epic attitudes, fed by the irrational passion of this human/alien desire for drama and heroism. 
It was on this planet that such charismatic leader was brought back to life in a crazy experiment performed by a religious group leading
a country located in an ancient miraculous place. Trying to bring "Rotulus" (considered son of God by some but actually a schizofrenic
character who lived in an ancient primitive era) back to life to rule a whole civilisation.
One just has to imagine how  this schizofrenic self-proclaimed son of God person would react if a futuristic techno fascist 
civilisation brought him back to rule a planetary nation and colonise the universe.
The miticlorians are technologically advanced enough to be a challenging enemy but still very limited by a primitive hierarchical society
that without power relationships can be easily destabilised.   
 
